.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Description

Please give a brief summary of your changes and which issue they address.

Fixes # (issue)

### Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How to test / use your changes?

Please provide instructions how to test your changes

1. Step A
2. Step B
3. Step C

### Checklist:

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I signed off my changes (`git commit -sm "Your commit message"`)
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

Commit message:

Add Table to post screenshots of UI changes

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Description

Please give a brief summary of your changes and which issue they address.

Fixes # (issue)

### Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

### How to test / use your changes?

Please provide instructions how to test your changes

1. Step A
2. Step B
3. Step C

### UI Changes

In case you changed, added or removed UI elements, please provide a set of before / after screenshots:

| Before | After |
|:---------:|:------:|
|xxxxxxx|xxxxx|


### Checklist:

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I signed off my changes (`git commit -sm "Your commit message"`)
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
